Getting started with Vincere Identity

Vincere Identity give partners the ability to access Vincere Rest API since v2. Using Oauth 2.0 as the authorization mechanism for the Vincere Rest API, developers now can obtain OAuth keys for developing applications with Vincere REST API.

To start with Vincere Oauth2, you must have a valid OAuth 2.0 data below: 

parameters | description
-----------| -----------
redirect_uri | URI for the location of your application provided to Vincere when registered
client_id | ID generated by Vincere to identity your account

All of those can be obtained from Vincere App page > API section. There are 2 environments provided for Vincere Identity: production at **https://id.vincere.io**, and test at: **https://id.vinceredev.com**. Please contact us in case you need a test one.  

## Complete the authorization flow 

1. Get an authorization code

**GET /oauth2/authorize**

The /oauth2/authorize endpoint only supports HTTPS GET. The user pool client typically makes this request through the system browser. This step would return you access_token + id_token (expired in 1 hour) and refresh_token to refresh the 2 ones. 

### Request parameters

parameters | location | description 
-----------| ---------| -----------
client_id | query param | **Required**. your client_id generated by Vincere
state | query param | **Optional** The param would be returned with authorization_code
redirect_uri | query param | **Required** your redirect uri that registered with Vincere. 
response_type | query param | **Required** Only accept *code* 

Sample Request

> **GET** https://id.vincere.io/oauth2/authorize?client_id=123456&state=STATE&redirect_uri=https://YOUR_APP/redirect_uri&response_type=code

### Sample response ###

Vincere Identity redirect back to your app with authorization code and your state. The code and state must be returned in the query string parameters.

Sample Response: 

> https://YOUR_APP/redirect_uri?code=AUTHORIZATION_CODE&state=STATE

*It is highly recommended that you have to store refresh_token securedly (you should store it on server-side, and use id_token in browsers).* 

1. Get tokens

**POST /oauth2/token**

The /oauth2/token endpoint only supports HTTPS POST. You application makes requests to this endpoint directly to get refresh_token (for the first time using authorization_code), and refresh id_token + access_token for next times. 

### Request parameters

1. Get user services

**GET /oauth2/user Header: token: id_token**

To get the list of Vincere service that authenticated user using, you need to call this API. 


